Home > Library
The College Library was set up in the year 1998. The Library had an initial collection of 400 books and they catered to the B.com Course. The library caters to all the undergraduate and  post graduate courses conducted by the college. Over the years, it has emerged as the sole repository of the syllabus books. The collection includes over 2000 reference books and the mandatory text books. It also includes books and even encyclopedias on environment, management, television, journalism, video production, politics and history.And even Hindi ,Marathi and Tamil literature. An eclectic collection of fiction, non-fiction books has also been built up. The library currently today has a total of over 35000 books and 20 print journals.E resources like N List , J Gate Social Science and Humanities and Delnet are available for users as aids in their academic pursuits
The college library was renovated during the academic year 2023-24.It had now been transformed into a grand academic user friendly environment. The research , reading and book section areas are now made even more accessible to library users. Demarcated areas for the, library staff has also made it even more convenient for them to render services. The overall seating capacity is now enhanced with seating capacity both in the reading room and 2 study centre areas with 16 personal computers.The faculty area allocated has a seating capacity of 8.There is a seperate section for display of magazines and journals and also for new arrivals.Back volumes of magazines and journals are also maintained in glass display racks in the area alloted for the same.A baggage counter area is also provided for students to deposit their bags.The entire library is under CCTV surveillance. Books are kept in a compactor system and the books section is fully open access for users to browse through.Reference books are stored in the reading room area also in a compactor system.The over all ambience is extremely attractive and user friendly.
The library also has special seating arrangements for physically challenged learners and staff in the faculty area.The library is further equipped with desktop computers for staff , Kindle E -readers and internet connectivity. There is a space for reprographic facility. Web OPAC facility is also available on the computers allotted for staff and students aswell as via remote access.Soft copies of the latest question papers are also made available to users. Document scanning too is done in the library.The entire library is fully air conditioned. The daily user attendance is maintained by an attendance scanner connected to the library software.For the benefit of faculty and students, the library committee organizes information literacy programs every year and thus creates awareness. User satisfaction is thus a priority for the library.
LIBRARY TIMINGS : MON TO FRI : 8 AM TO 6 PM / SAT : 8 AM TO 4.30PM
Library Contact Number	022 61196406
Library Rules and Services
Library Staff
Mr. Gulabchandra Sharma
Librarian
Ma M Lis with SET
siesascnlibrary@gmail.com
Mr. Akshay Jadhav
Junior Clerk
Mr Pravin R Singh
Library Peon
HSC
Mr Sagar Mane
Library Peon
8th Pass